Update other connector samples (#261)
SteeltoeOSS/Samples: Connectors/src/OAuth/README.md

> This ASP.NET Core sample app uses the OAuth Connector to bind to a CloudFoundry OAuth2 security service (e.g. [UAA Server](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/uaa) or [Pivotal Single Signon](https://docs.pivotal.io/p-identity/)) and expose the service's configuration data as ASP.NET Core `IOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This ASP.NET Core sample app uses the OAuth Connector to bind to a CloudFoundry OAuth2 security service (e.g. [UAA Server](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/uaa) or [Single Sign-On for VMware Tanzu Application Service](https://docs.vmware.com/en/Single-Sign-On-for-VMware-Tanzu-Application-Service/)) and expose the service's configuration data as ASP.NET Core `IOptions`.
```

> This connector will typically be used in conjunction with the ASP.NET Core [CloudFoundry External Security Providers](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Security).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This connector will typically be used in conjunction with the ASP.NET Core [CloudFoundry External Security Providers](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/security/).
```

## General Pre-requisites

1. Installed .NET Core SDK

## Running on CloudFoundry

1. Installed Pivotal CloudFoundry
1. (Optional) installed Windows support
1. OAuth2 Service Instance

## Create OAuth2 Service Instance on CloudFoundry

You must first create an instance of a OAuth2 service in an org/space. As mentioned above, there are two to choose from. This example uses the [UAA Server](https://github.com/cloudfoundry/uaa). To do this, create a User Provided service with the appropriate UAA server configuration data. You can use the provided `oauth.json` file in creating your User Provided service after modifying its contents to match your CloudFoundry environment.

1. `cf target -o myorg -s development`
1. `cf cups myOAuthService -p oauth.json`

> If you want to use the [Pivotal Single Signon](https://docs.pivotal.io/p-identity/) service for your OAuth2 server, follow the installation and configuration instructions [here](https://docs.pivotal.io/p-identity/installation.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the [Single Sign-On for VMware Tanzu Application Service](https://docs.vmware.com/en/Single-Sign-On-for-VMware-Tanzu-Application-Service/) service for your OAuth2 server, follow the installation and configuration instructions [here](https://docs.vmware.com/en/Single-Sign-On-for-VMware-Tanzu-Application-Service/1.14/sso/GUID-installation.html).
```

---

> ### See the Official [Steeltoe Service Connectors Documentation](https://steeltoe.io/docs/steeltoe-service-connectors) for a more in-depth walkthrough of the samples and more detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### See the Official [Steeltoe Service Connectors Documentation](https://docs.steeltoe.io/api/v3/connectors/) for a more in-depth walkthrough of the samples and more detailed information.
```
